Add documentation for adding a new track (#279)
exercism/docs: building/tracks/new/request-new.md

# Request a new Language Track

Please follow the instructions below to request a new Language Track.

## Does Exercism already support the language?

Please [check the list of track repositories](https://github.com/search?q=topic%3Aexercism-track+org%3Aexercism+fork%3Atrue&type=repositories) to find both active and inactive tracks.

> If you found a repository for your language, check the `active` key's value in the repository's `config.json` file for its status:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you find a repository for your language, check the `active` key's value in the repository's `config.json` file for its status:
```

- `true`: the track is active and listed on the website's [tracks page](https://exercism.org/tracks).

> - `false`: the track is inactive and not listed on the website. The track still requires work for it to become active. If you'd like to help out, please open an issue on that repository to say hello.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `false`: the track is inactive and not listed on the website. The track still requires work for it to become active. If you would like to help out, please open an issue on that repository to say hello.
```

## Has someone else asked for it?

Do a search in the [issues of the exercism/request-new-language-track repository](https://github.com/exercism/request-new-language-track/issues) for the name of the language to see if the language was already requested.
Remember to check both open and closed issues.

## It doesn't exist - I want to create it!

> Awesome!! Please open a [new issue](https://github.com/exercism/request-new-language-track/issues/new), filling out the template. We'll take a look!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Awesome!! Please open a [new issue](https://github.com/exercism/request-new-language-track/issues/new), filling out the template. We will take a look!
```
